Where am I? Where am I? Oh my god, I'm at Harmon's Town, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you
are too. How lucky are all of us. Make some noise. So good to see you.
Please welcome to the stage, the most wonderful, the incomparable Spencer Critt.
Yeah! The man of the moment. King, rule, shocker, maker, breaker. You know him at
Den Harmon. Let's call him Den Harmon, the mayor of Harmontown, Den Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart. I want to thank you. I want to thank you.
You've been so good to me. I want to have gratitude. When I was just a little boy, I couldn't thank
anyone for a toy. So my rhymes were weak. But then my mom took a peek down my diaper,
and she saw, damn, a Sherman tank, incest, damn. Okay.
Thanks. It's it's it's knowing when to take the art away. As Donald Sutherland says at six
degrees of separation. I got, I got one of those zits right in the crease of my nose.
No. What is skin thinking? Like what? How hard? I know. I already know the answer. I know the
answer. There's no God is the answer. It was what we have. We arrived at over billions of years
of improv. Like it, otherwise someone would say, you know, I think I can figure out a better way
to coat a gingerbread man in like latex, you know, like, and like, we wouldn't have to have
fucking like, systems of sebum and like, like, like ingrown for epiduemuses. Like, it's insane.
And all topped off with, you know, there's a, there's the most important part of your skin.
The fact that it's covered completely covered every square centimeter of it in microscopic
flora. And not a little fauna. And because if it weren't there, then there's all these things in
the air that would land and they would go like, I'm gonna set up shop here. You are protected
every minute of every day by the fact that you are infested by beasties that live in harmony with
you. Life is a prison. It's a prison cell. There's a lot of people in the cell with us. Yeah,
you're, you're, you're alive because you're a bitch. You traded your integrity to see another day
behind bars. You could have gone out a man. I know I sound like I'm quoting a movie or something.
I got a movie about a guy who goes to prison and has to choose between dying brave and living
cowardly. Okay. It was really professorial. Yeah. I got a, I got a, I got a new phone case. It's real
big. Okay. It's got what, what made it just a magnet instead of the thing. It's just a magnet.
What, what made you replace it? I'm just, I got a new phone and I, you know,
I was going to get the new case for the new phone, you know, because it's different size.
Does that one take those 3D pictures? Yeah, the an emojis. No, no. I've been seeing on Facebook,
there's these 3D photos of dogs. So you'll be scrolling through Facebook and then there'll be
this 3D dogs staring right at you in 3D. No, no. And it's like, well, photos aren't in 3D. This is
crazy. And it's just this big old dog staring right at you. Like coming out of the screen.
Oh, coming right out. Yeah, it's weird. You don't, because it doesn't look like it'll work, but like
the parallax of the screen and the photo movement as you scroll through it, it has this weird,
you know, 3D effect to it. But I thought it was some iPhone thing and maybe it's not.
Hmm. I wouldn't know. Yeah, I'm not plugged in. Me neither. I used to know all, I used to work
at Apple. I used to know all the Apple stuff. Now it's like just sad. Whenever I show people my,
my, my phone case, they, they go, oh, it's like a wallet, you got your credit cards in there and
stuff. I go, yeah, I do. Cash and all that stuff. And then they always, every single person, they
always want to like, this is just like some weird human instinct. They go, so you should, you know,
don't, don't you think that's a little dangerous? Because now if you lose one thing, you lose everything.
And I go, well, you just, just think about what your brain is doing right now. Like,
like you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're holding
vigil over a, a, a society, an ideal society where we aerosol our property to, to the extent that
all of it's expendable. What are you talking about? Everyone's got like four things in their
pocket. Yeah. If you lose any of them, you're fucked. Nobody wants to lose any of them. You
don't want to lose your keys, your phone or your wallet. So why the fuck? Yeah, no shit. If I lose
one thing, I'm fucked. Why would you, it's, it's, what is that instinct that we have? Like, oh,
yeah, if you think about it, you're kind of fucked. Yeah. No, I'm not. I'm no more fucked than you.
I have one thing to remember and one thing that fucks me and you have four things to remember
and each one fucks you a quarter. Like, who cares? Well, what is this quibbling? You're, you're,
you're a nonsense person. You should be ashamed of yourself. Here's, here's something that you,
you lost a long time ago. You're shame. Yeah. Let me get you a big case for that so that when
you lose it, you know, you should have put a hubcap on that shit. It's been gone since the 70s.
I would, I would buy a shame case. I don't need no shame case.
Also, if that were true, you'd be like, you wouldn't put shit in your house because people would
say the same shit to you. Like, now all the shit's in your house. Well, how about your fucking skull?
Who, what do you cut your whole brain in one skull? What do you tie? Oh, just the two eyeballs then.
So, uh, both necessary for depth perception. Yeah, I done one pancreas. What are the, whoa, who,
who are you? Are you an ant? Is it, are you an insect person here to like, like, like,
you're like, not very modular, are you? Your identity isn't, isn't sprayed in a wide enough
cone for me to give you a license to be safe. Well, I don't like about that critique is that
it fundamentally relies on someone essentially explaining to you what it means for things to
be grouped together. It's like, yeah, no, those things are together. That's a good point. The
same way as if I'm wearing a watch and my arm gets cut off, I'd have lost my watch because those
things are together. Or if my head was cut off, my glasses, they'd also be off my body because
these things are together. My head hair would also be off my body being with the thing that was
removed from, because they're together. That's what that means. So I mean, on the one hand,
it's bullying you, but on the other hand, it's like, Hey, what do you think it means when stuff is
associated with other stuff? Let me break this thing down to you. Yeah, that's what it really is.
That's being like, that's being like, empathic and going like, well, what's really happening in
their brain? They're, they're trying to connect. Right. They're like, I know what things are when
they're next to each other. They're next to each other. Right. Right. They're just saying something.
Right. That's this and it doesn't make me less pissed, but I think I'm growing because instead
of just getting pissed, I'm getting pissed and having the thought, which is anytime someone says
something that pisses me off, it's just they had a thought and they were like, Oh, I want to share
this thought. And they did it. And they didn't think about the ramifications of that action and
how much it would piss me off. But they were just so excited that they said whatever dumb
fucking shit that they did before passing it through a filter. And I'm still fucking pissed,
but recognizing that feels like growth. I don't know. And that wasn't that's just free association.
That wasn't me trying to apply my situation to yours. I'm not trying to be mad at those people.
Don't get me wrong. Okay. That last part was a setback. But yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I was just in a
trance. I mean, and then, and then, you know, I think you and I could both say then also,
well, it's these, this other person who maybe they maybe they're just they're,
they're their little Honda generator. It runs runs a little faster. It's got what it's got less
CCs. I don't I don't know what like what the metaphor would be like, because it doesn't do
us any good to be because the reason we're mad. Okay, let me start over. The reason we're mad when
it happens is because it's not fair because we feel anguish and anxiety and shame. Right? Sure.
Isn't that isn't that why you get mad when someone cuts you off on the freeway? Really,
it's not it's not like I mean, some if they if they almost kill you, like, like, like, there's
adrenaline and there's holy shit. If anything, usually when it's a really close call, you actually
kind of feel a sense of elation and don't remember the other person exists until a couple seconds
later. But it's like the thing that pushes you off about the lack of consideration in it's always
it doesn't it doesn't the root of that hair. It's not fair because I put myself through so much
in order to not be that person. And that person isn't even doing it. And I yeah, to me, I mean,
it sounds like the same feeling. But to me, it's like, how dare you even assume I haven't put that
work in. I'm putting all the fucking work in you put the work in and realize I put the work in and
shut the fuck up. Because it's like, I'm trying over here. What are you doing yelling at me for
you think I'm not trying your fucking blind? Shut up. Not like blind blind. You can't see yeah,
whatever. I'm it's good. I live with it. How are you guys doing?
I guess there is a it's you get it's it's you're mad because they're they're insulting you.
Right. To me, it just feels like yeah, I'm smart. I know this stuff. Are you like it just feels like
they're trying to like pretend I don't know this stuff. That's like, yeah, no fucking shit.
Things are next to each other. But and maybe maybe I'm just kind of maybe are we supposed to then
like because I'm sure when we're talking, I'm sure constantly you say something and then I say
something back that you knew I was going to say and that I and that and that I knew that you knew
already. But that's like we're just like hitting the thing. But there's categories of doing that
that piss us off. Like I think like two zebra scientists can probably make small talk and go
like, Oh, there's a new zebra in the paddock. And then and then the other one says like,
hope this one doesn't get herpes. Like because the zebras keep getting herpes in the paddock.
You're not supposed to know I'm filling this in as we go. It's a nonlinear it's a it's a showtime
original this show. The but but but kind of the guy the zebra expert wanted him to say that because
he's he didn't want to have to say there's a new zebra in the paddock and now I'd like to talk about
the last one getting herpes like he doesn't want that burden he wants to be able to actually just
like bump the shuttlecock up near the net. Right. We have this agreement that we're going to talk
about things that two people would talk about mutually not not anything in the history that
we can't relate on not any future dreams that we we can't really jump in on we we as people have
this contract where we're like, we're friends because you know when to change the subject.
Right. The timing. Yeah. And the person that you don't like is a person who doesn't know when
to change the subject. That's like the most basic part of friendship is like we're friends with
the kid that your friends with some from six years old on because every time you brought up paste
that motherfucker was like you should see paste or that motherfucker was like I don't like paste and
you're like yeah fuck paste like that's the contract so we get really frustrated with people
when it looks like they're trying to slime us or cheat on the fucking contract and not putting a
lot of thought into what you're going to say it's cheating on the contract and we try to do that
shit right so we get pissed we get insecure we're like wait a second am i being fucked am i being
fucked i'm being fucked right you knew god damn well you were supposed to bring up the green
baby packers right i said man i sure do love wisconsin and you looked at me talking about
pasta's delicious sometimes that's called an emotional bid right yes that was like the first
thing i learned in couples therapy emotional bids which actually i have to say i hope Cody doesn't
listen to this because i have to cop to the fact that lately well she understands i i apologize
to her today i've been buried in my laptop like i'm kind of hiding from some shit and uh like
i'm hiding from shit next to her and i'm using my laptop and we love each other and stuff but
nevertheless i have been i'm looking at the last week and i have not been matching emotional bids
emotional bids are just just anything it's the pixel of relationship communication uh you know
we've i that was that was the first thing because it was like oh if someone says look look out the
window at the st louis arch while you're driving past the st louis arch oh god you you i i i i hate
it don't make me look at stuff i hate i'm talking like like like every time someone makes me look
at something i there's a transaction happening and i'm like i'm like it's all kinds of fucking
horrible shit circuit boards that were designed to be mounted in defense satellites in an era
that is bygone this equipment is not needed anymore it is only hurtful and but it's like
the numbers i'm crunching when it's like hey look at this thing on my phone like and i just like
like one little part of my brain going like you just made me look at something oh that's cool
no no you fucking cop i'm sorry but but you're not supposed to think it's like it's an emotional
bit if it's even if it seems futile somebody's saying like it's like small talky stuff for
whatever this oh look at that look at this look at that it's somebody checking in
and saying are you with me like what's more redundant than holding hands it's already a hand
like what if anything you're if anything you're you're taking two hands off the grid
but you're actually you're actually downgrading half of each of your hand supply
it's certainly not practical it's definitely not edifying it's it doesn't like teach you
new things about your hand um uh and yet we definitely do it and we do it 85 year old people
do it uh in our in our dream of how we'd like to go out i think most of us not me man shut up
polyamorous paul you know you know what i'm like about pp is like his partner's name shit
i just i don't like how leguprious he is i got like my polyamory to be a little more
have a little more levity to it right put on a why don't you write down what how my polyamory
should be and i'll read the script for you wow paul you know we we we let you come to these shows
and we mic you uh yes so wow yes so i didn't ask for that you should be grateful pp i have sex
with multiple partners oh what's your hang up why you hung up about we told you we don't give a
fuck about that part it's that you're a dick don't brag about it bro we saw you come in with three
different people i'm i'm a dick bro how many people did you fuck in your last relationship
give me a number one dude
go back to kansas todo
now ask me
i don't count bro
don't need to count if the number don't mean anything
sky's the limit i'm the limit paul's the limit
i'm not taking that shit from a dude dressing a three-piece corduroy suit and no shirt
you're fucking freak bro you're freaking the people you roll with they're not beautiful
you know polyamory is supposed to get you yeah i said it
did you just body shame my entourage it's not just the bodies the face the fingernails the whole
situation you're supposed to be able to get like a wide range excuse me
um hi uh paul's girlfriend alpha three yes my point exactly
but you can just call me paul's girlfriend because we don't count
we do what we do okay and we do it poly style
um he makes you say that now i think you just also why did we make you too i think
i think we need to talk about how you just threw shade and tea and lemonade on my body
i am the way i am i'm bold and beautiful i'm paul's girlfriend one of them
um i'm i'm just saying if paul is gonna you know uh if he's gonna put together a bouquet
there should be maybe some more flowers and a lot less weeds
oh damn
excuse me um
um i am mary uh winnipeg
i am a phd in toxicology and i am currently uh copulating with paul whenever we feel like
is north big deal um and i cured AIDS and i feel beautiful on the inside and um i'm here on a work
visa and your country is what's ugly to me because it's very hard to get this work visa and i had
cured to AIDS and i may just i have to i think i throw away i throw away now i throw away the
cure for AIDS i have cure for AIDS wow okay may throw it away i throw away my name is mary
son tag what did i say that's the kind of trash i'm talking about somebody's with you
double p she's got the cure for AIDS and she's at the dynasty hanging out
oh you back on me now that you went through yeah you went through my coop now you're back with
the rooster because i'll tell you what i may be polyamorous but i'm also misogynist
then i am right i am right to tear you and your entourage down right right by some cuck code that
you made up uh snowflake uh what do you think girls you like you like the idea of existing
within a small self-contained hierarchy with a man at the top that thinks you're all bitches
yeah oh wee wee oh i have to cure for AIDS
sounds sounds like the customer oh wait why am i french now
you are what you eat sounds like the customer's right
hey man look thanks for coming by it's always good to see you bro but look seriously i only come
here for the parts of the show where you talk to me anyway i was gonna leave now i know my segment's
over wow yeah polyamorous out multiple times i leave it multiple times wow polyamorous paul
wow oh man yeah i'm not i'm not fucking with that dude harm and i don't like him i don't like
him either yeah so look gooberious yeah i i i i you should invite us up into the concept of of
sleeping with multiple people you should make an ad for it it shouldn't be like you should make us
want to you should be like why is that guy smiling all the time right and uh not not not not who
yelled at me yesterday like like a couple comes home the guy's taking off his sneakers and he's
he's and he's got a little grimace on his face and his his girlfriend's like scooting up for
she's got some some reading to do and uh and then she notices his his body language and she says
what's wrong uh carl and he and he says ah this guy today i ran into him this is really uh read
me the riot act about being monogamous what are you talking about it's just this guy
he's really angry he's like really got got on me he had like a petition outside a target
i was just there to buy a sweater because i love you uh so what you i'm sorry what you love makes
you cold no let me get the sweater i fucked up it's your birthday next week but uh it was part
of the story here sweater happy birthday oh thank you um yeah i ran into a guy that just started
like like really laying into me about how he's polyamorous anyways all right sorry yeah i'm glad
you brought it up because i'd like to start seeing other people why because you're polyamorous no
because i don't like you anymore because you you you you you seem like a less like a real boyfriend
more like a weird cipher for Dan Harmon's high babbling i don't i don't i don't want you i don't
want to be with you anymore i think you're just a i think you're just a mouthpiece for some
strange cthulhu creature who has a podcast and some different plane
babe i'm real you saw my birth certificate
i birth certificate you have skin too we live in a house i have memories i'm telling you the whole
thing is a fucking lie carl what do i have to do to prove i'm real to you
i'm i'm so invested in this honestly i don't know carl
you know there's a there's a contemporary thought that has it that the question itself
proves it proves its own answer what the fuck are you talking about have you been hanging out with
zander again holy shit no zanders into crystals not simulation theory
well i don't care what he's into
i'm tired of saying his name yeah what do you i
baby just come come here come come come here come into the bed with me okay
okay you still love me yes of course i do did you feed the docs
thought you were gonna do that
yeah i'll do it
fifth time this week
me what what what what what what i thought you said something right
i said something you said something uh what else has gone out no i think i well there's no
guest tonight by the way and Rob Schrab isn't here nothing nothing nothing nothing good is about to
happen i didn't i didn't one man five characters three three of them are confused i do i did write
down one thing but i i assume if i've been talking about this and all of the comedic permutations
have already been explored but the weird thing is i'm off twitter now so i never know i hear random
things i feel like one thing a week like i'm 80 years old like i know one news item a week or one
or one like just human interest piece and uh it it it it and i can't tell the difference between
the ones that are so played out and everyone's talking about them whatever oh because dan
before when you were on twitter you were you you really had your finger on the pulse and
we were calling you the dick dick clark of our generation um all right well i don't i don't
know who you are you sound exactly like me so let's not have a conversation why not we'll see
that's my problem is that i i said let's not have a conversation i don't even know which of us said
that it was me who said that this is exactly my point you and i are talking to each other right
now and no one can tell exactly it just sounds like one guy talking because we have the same voice
Dan Harmon meets Dan Harmon and Dan Harmon the two uh so i heard one sniglet one little thing
just random shit i hear there's a tinder or the company that owns tinder the they don't want
all the tenders the hydra of all the dating swipies um they were gonna they were gonna or
they are i i they they were gonna start charging people over 40 like like yeah they've been extra
is that was that a thing that everybody was like talking about yeah they've been doing that one
like the idea that if you're over 40 you have to pay a little extra to be on the
that's fair that's fair i just thought that was so amazing because it's such a perfect it's beyond
logan's run all the way into just like because it's like obviously the natural inversion of that is
like you know and if you're 25 obviously hey whoa it's on the house and then if you're 20 hey here's
50 bucks and then you keep on going down all the way to the point where if you're pregnant your
baby is worth $50,000 of credit on a social media site because it's so young you could like so you
could sign a contract for it to like committing to one over the other and then like i just like
the idea didn't pop a john as you get older then you pay if you're 90 years old you have to pay
a million dollars a minute to be around people it kind of it makes perfect sense it seems hard to
parody like i was trying to think of like how to like come up with something that was like beyond
parody but seems reasonable but i feel like there could just be like an app that like pays people
to eat bugs like you just take a picture of a cricket and they'll just give you like 30 cents
and they'll be like yeah it's sustainable blockchain it's helping everybody and then
it'll be good but i don't know can't you do that on fiverr yeah yeah but that's that's way you know
that's a way more equitable than what i'm proposing what's what's fiverr fiverr's like uh you can
pay somebody five bucks and above to do a task no you don't know also you can also the dollar store
of task rabbits yeah that's i mean it's everything's a slippery slope what am i it's not everything
we have a really slope is we're in the pit we're in a slippery pit whenever we have like a really
bad show i pay a 68 year old man to shit on my chest and he pays me four dollars
it's a wonderful world we've built yeah it is the very definition of blockchain
you should you should have to pay more to be around people when you're over 40 you do you do
you do pay more to be around people when you're over 40 yes that's what i meant you shouldn't
have to that's not what i meant i meant i meant you do you you you should have to
you you you every every interact every gesture you make uh costs you three more breaths than a
teenager if you say i don't know that you you your heart had to work harder but also when you
go to like new york city and you are you're you're walking through the city you see a bunch of like
20 to 30 year olds in waitress and waiter uniforms or in bellhop uniforms and you realize that
major cities are really people over 40 with money forcing 20 somethings to bust their ass
and 20 somethings are like well there's six of us but we live in the middle of manhattan and we're
living that new york life and we're all like struggling to do this shit which is unfair
but then there's a bunch of like over 40 people like uh you love living in new york don't you
yeah i suck the youth out of your lungs
it's disgusting it's not like san diego oh my god that guy seriously that's the way we have
currently in this economy not to get crazy dark but like in this economy you should have to
fucking pay because you these kids are struggling out there like well that was that was that was
i've always said that was the you know i had an ex-girlfriend who kind of woke me up to that
that that's our industry hollywood whatever you call it without sounding like a douche um
the biz the razzle dazzles uh um the business of show like it really it's a got a huge tradition
of labor abuse and also at the same time the foot the thing that's ironic about it is not only labor
abuse but then also on the flip side of it it it's you can't you the labor that gets abused
has to have a support system yeah that whole thing like you can't be you can't just be born
in dirt with no support system get on a bus and go i'm gonna go be an assistant and or whatever
and you gotta be rich to get exploited your parents have to have your back a little bit which
excludes an entire giant this whole thing and then we talk about where's the diversity on all
this stuff but it's like at the very bottom where we where we crack the nuts the hardest where we
make people shit in their cars and like want to kill themselves like it's all driven by this weird
unspoken concept of yeah but this is where milk and honey flows baby like what do you what do you
mean you don't want to like like be made to cry once in a while like like what do you hate you
hate you hate you hate Spielberg or something what do you hate Jaws i thought that was a great movie
right wait what i'm working on the Goldbergs what do you mean that that was right also i
rift the name of a show with which i have no beef and no nobody lowered out so that it was a safe
riff just in case i need to tag that riff fuck the goldbergs mad mad beef with jeff garland
um and then they kick you out when you get old this is a rough ass business because they
exploit you through your 20s and your 30s really and then in your 40s you're sort of in a position
where you're like i'm billing you six thousand for that mother fucker and then as you get over 40
they're like hope you got your money in your 40s because it gets yeah yeah i mean i you could you
could writers love writing stories about our obsession with beauty and uh do we tell fairy tales
and horror stories and cautionary tales about like oh you should have learned that beauty's only
skin deep and all this stuff and oh if only i could be 50 and look 25 but and then there's this other
thing though like if you're if you you could look 25 and factually be 50 and that would fuck you over
as a screenwriter like like people just like if you've been around too long or someone knows that
you were you're you're a certain age you're just you're just not like there's there was a big suit
about that with the wga um and you know the way the suit went down you would think that we had
that i i my memory of it even though i was not somebody that cared about it at the time i was
very young full of cum and pennies and and typewriter ink was just spraying fucking cum and ink
everywhere okay i i i can mix somebody somebody somebody somebody got up and i believe
also the title of our four-part series
so cheesy we rejoin our continuings four four our continuing series cum and ink the Dan Harmonn
story after the war Winston Churchill called his boys home but Dan Harmonn had more coming and more
typing to do changing his identity with a brothel owner that had his same height and dress size he
began going through three typewriters and four orchard workers a day
his insatiable appetite for carnal knowledge and pros sharing
was seconded only by his need for more cum oh hello thank you what did you get here by bus
that's my son everybody is uh i heard you cough father so i finished
let me ask you a question son sure why do you talk so fast i'm just trying to be like you
but don't you understand in the emulation of me you're starting to become a strange
uncanny recreation no one talks the way you talk father i'm full of cum
i'm full of it i'm full of it i'm full of it i'm full of it sold
and when one is full of cum there's much to do many places to go have to say things quick
so i can go and empty this dick
really wow of all the things i've done in my career 1940s kid full of cum was my favorite
your mother fuckers just negated a 20-year career of witty witty witty things he sometimes
applause hurts doesn't it yeah yeah that's what i'm saying like never ever solicit it and
most of the time when you get it feel bad it ruins everything i'm not saying you did not
react organically but it is like anything less than i mean when are we ever on the same page
about what deserves a round of applause never what is the likelihood of us agreeing like yes of
course i would applaud there but usually applause means i think it's people going like
like like i'm still with you i'm listening like change the subject
they're like they're like switch gears like get off your get get off the bike and then get
back on again because basically i'm you're not a fucking triathlete so i'm not here to be wowed by
your bicycling i'm the only merit you have is the weird wiggles your butt does when you're
getting on and off the bike so like it's just like like i just want to want you to go up another
driveway so i think i think the applause means like like like like good now do now do now don't
get fucking bogged down in this shit i don't want to listen to your fucking weird pontifications
about the lgb2 lgbtq2 community oh but you applauded for skill just there she she she like
that i got i went back i got every letter didn't i like almost and then i added it and then i added
it too or you were on the end of that group and you were like god damn it he doesn't say the tqs if
he doesn't hit the queers i'm gonna find god damn it we've been taking it forever polyamory if it is
look look who's sister it is i gotta say she came with a much better crowd than fucking pp did
it y'all looking real good all right well maybe we should maybe we should keep that energy going
let's meet a person from the audience who's there's there's a guy from france and a guy from australia
man canada no dawg come on man come on canada
now i just want to make it clear i did not we did not even go down the geographic road
but and i understand i don't mind you getting excited and saying like i mean that the saying
he's from france could have made all the difference you never you could tomorrow you could be like
i fucking did it i did it for you john paul i'm the reason why you were on harmad town
but i i i i i'm not being a tease i don't want i just want to make a sensible decision sure who
nobody well i a sensible decision won't involve yelling things out especially not vasectomy has
anyone has anyone traveled farther than you had a vasectomy you had a vasectomy
someone that we talked about this at the top of the show bring your a game well let me let me
consult with brandon first and we'll be right back that could be good brandon what do you think
should be the who should we what should we ask for her am i doing it wrong already jeff usually he
has a hair trigger and he just goes that guy jeff will just be like come on like like and i mean i
no no knocking jeff's uh he he we love you jeff davis things always turn out well but i always
think in my head i'm like jeff that was irresponsible to bring that person up because it'll just be
somebody he'll just get you agree you know i'm talking about i'm always like what the fuck
bags and i'm like i hate that guy and jeff will be like paper bags guy get up here get up here
no i will tell you i do have a pretty good judge of character oh shit like i do think is that what
he says too no no it's just i mean if you're front loading it like this you i'm not afraid of myself
i that's great i think we need that um i feel there's a there's a there's i do love french
because we're all american so he would be the most different right might possibly learn something in
this motherfucker uh no one wants to you know what i'm saying everyone's so sad the idea we're gonna
learn something we're we're already feeling so bad we're feeling so bad we just want to meet like a
gardener you know we want to like turn in interesting interesting gardeners gardeners gardeners i'm
feeling for some reason i'm feeling this outfit right here oh shit which outfit and she didn't
even volunteer but i do love this outfit so so as a shallow person that is where i go first just
well i mean she's not a volunteer so don't make her more uncomfortable if you're gonna bring her up
you gotta force her up you've been chosen based on the spangliness of your jacket it's
there's there's an episode where jeff davis is like um if you if you were to suit a suit to
Harmontown then please say hi oh and then he said bye for six weeks yeah it's fucking guys
this out there he's eaten ryan styles or date foley's dick on the fuck i like like he's you know you
see do you watch his his instagram is just here he's just like room service is tasty you know like
he's just out there reading books and and hanging out doing mic checks that's all he just disappears
but you're a jeff davis fan um i'm i'm an everyone fan i live in rural japan and um
yeah hey uh so we went for no geographic we went with just jacket sparkle sorry
and and and we and we got someone from the other side of the earth this is from space
um but uh i never got your name um i'm jimmy i actually i have he him pronouns but it's all
good you have sparkles kind of wait what's the pronoun thinking i'm not gonna make a big deal
out of it but i didn't hear you he oh you're like oh he okay well that's easy okay Jesus somebody
challenge me i should have just made up a new pronoun we like to do that just to just to fuck
with you i'm so i'm so stoked he he is a pronoun but i'm fucking um like my my dad was also like that
when when i came out to him it's so great to meet you came out as what to your dad uh non-binary
oh so but non-binary and but but but you can still you prefer pronoun it can just be whatever i mean
it's it's it's a preferred yeah no there are there are actually a bunch and trans community is pretty
positive when it comes to making up your own pronoun what goes it what goes into like like for you
personally what if if um considering like i like i understand and don't understand like like okay
non-binary but then in picking a pronoun is it based on utility or other yeah like is it is it
is it a choice for other people or is it a choice for yourself when you pick a pronoun
you individually not the royal you you're not representing anybody yeah no i get you to mean
but it's like when you go out on the street it's like it's like it is a utility thing like how
much energy am i gonna take to educate every person that i come across and also are they gonna
beat me up if i'm like right you know you you hear uh my my voice started dropping recently
and that's a pretty exciting thing for me but yeah thank you so so sometimes i'll do that
and it's like a safety thing so if i feel somebody kind of like they give you the up and down and
they clock you and and they're like all right sir come over here i'm like oh there yes yes i will
come over there but other times if i if i look at somebody and based off of what they're wearing
or like if they're millennial-ish looking i'll go oh yeah i use they them and usually they're like
oh cool cool cool yeah yeah man it's a it's a i feel i feel compelled to say like do you
remember you you know nova from the podcast uh yeah is she here are they here sorry i'm like i
do that all the time i kind of feel compelled them or not i hope this isn't a betrayal of our
because we talked about it after the show but but i feel like this is something you'd want people to
know that that i you know how it's like like the first time i met nova it was like i'm immediately
like oh i know i i do it too they said they and then i was like she and and she and whatever
then i did it three times around and every time i like do the self deprecating thing where i'm like
come on focus and stuff and then i was talking to nova after the show one time a couple weeks ago
and another interesting conversation was actually because no rest for the wicked it's like that's
actually now like like like nova was like like i don't i don't want to care that much if people
fuck up i don't that that is not my choice to make a big deal out of it a preference is just a
preference and and and uh at which point it occurred to me that it's actually it's it's
another thing now that i have to keep in mind is like i kind of like take it all onto myself
when i when i go like oh did i get that right it's all about me as opposed to just like continuing
to grow and and take it and stride well i mean it's like that internalized anxiety is something
i feel that every trans person has it's something like also white guilt as i'm white so i you know
why are you laughing at white guilt if you just like yeah can i write a monologue for you to do
about how white guilt is a serious issue let's do that next week makes you use your mayonnaise
do you think of me me do you want it to be a monologue or a poem i'm kidding go ahead
i do haiku thank you and then put it on twitter bless you sorry i continue we cut you
we derailed you and then i do we have to move off this topic for just a quick section so we can
talk about some of the clothing choices oh yeah yeah yeah well well but i i derailed you in the
middle of a thought so i just wanted you to have a chance to finish on i don't yeah i don't think it
was really going in yeah uh all right now let's talk about clothes can we please talk about these
shoes let's talk about these fucking shoes for just a quick if you're not yeah so if you're at home
these shoes are uh uh they are studded and they are studded very closely together so that it creates
its own sort of uh shell and it is a shell of gold studs yeah a shell of gold studs um where how
what country uh actually it was my cousin's wedding this past weekend
so in uh San Diego okay cool oh yeah hey what's up dude hold San Diego's here California burritos
burritos that the quality of that yeah i don't know if that translated to the podcast last time
but i'm genuinely concerned for that person like they started to say yeah but then something
happened like they said yeah
right police i got scared so they yelled out that's nice that's the audience i like the vulnerable
audience i like that a terrified audience they're they're they're flawed they're flawed and they're
vulnerable and they're you know uh anyway San Diego wedding your cousins are they cool people um were
they cool people they they used to be not so cool okay but this is like the liberal side of my
family not not the side of the family that voted for Trump in the primaries okay wow in the primaries
take it all the way back yeah they're so mad at the people that voted for him in the general
election it's like yeah it's like when the pixies got popular and i was like fuck this shit yeah
yeah i they got they got they got their genes with trump written in sharpie on the
they're like this is fucking serious shit dead milkmen trump
uh were they cool was it a cool wedding sorry was it a cool wedding yeah it was yeah it was
you know it's it's a wedding so there's lots of straight people there okay i'm just there to
experience their culture it's very uh the music the music's not that good and it's very bland
yeah it's just it's you know i'm it's an interesting time for them i'm sure they have lots of feelings
about it well it's a very scary time for straight young white men yeah just all these middle-aged
men just talking about like where are my grandchildren where are my grandchildren
yeah four times yeah before we even get to the cake breeders um but let's talk about but you can
wave us off anytime you want if we get to if it turns out you're a secret agent or something but
i want to talk about this living in tokyo thing and then the jacket yeah i'm kidding
and the jacket are you just visiting the jacket for the wedding yeah just just for the wedding
so what are you doing in tokyo uh i actually live way out in the butthole of nowhere okinawa
very close uh i just took yeah osaka no i don't know uh so take osaka and then go six
hours into the trees and that's where i live shibuya that's in tokyo yeah i don't know
i don't know all of these have been it's a restaurant what are you doing there are you are
you changing vending machines that uh that have jars of uh of of old men's socks in them because
of something that we don't understand and we'll talk about on alex jones you know that's actually
a good description of my program that i'm on but are you teaching english yeah that's that that's
that's that's the that's the i mean that's what i always expect to hear when when yeah well it's
also just like changing one pair of old man's socks for the other like that's kind of how they
treat temporary workers but that's all also how old the english education system is in japan and
it's not working but how much japanese do you have to speak to teach english in japan um
um
it's on the oft repeated refraining them's fighting words yeah them thems are fighting words they'll
just tell you oh my god your japanese is so good and you're just like i said hi yeah i know there's
a lot of syllables yeah like every time every japanese person says wakarimas is like wow that's
so much japanese it means i wow it means i know that means i understand sorry yeah yeah wait what's
i could be i could be like riffing off of this like yeah it means goldfish what's what's what what
what means i what's the it's the so the the one that you could use you could use uh for formal
situations in all situations watashi watashi yeah and then but because you're a guy they have gendered
pronouns too so you could use both my favorite bokeh which is like um if your mind is ready to
explode the french guy yelled out the japanese answer oh okay you can stay you stay we're gonna get
like a international uh
oh shit shit that's a french assassin isn't it oh no i think we're gonna get confused
so this work yes it does he does he does so am i sitting over there
it's i mean i'm used to listening to podcasts but usually it's like i know i'm hearing myself but
this is a whole new thing yeah french sensors say something and um i cut my my hair and beard
um before my trip to los angeles so i looked more like you yeah this is Harmontown huh
it is it's weird when you're watching it and not just like doing it you know
this is crazy did you did you cut your beard short because of travel like it gets it gets caught in
the in the pillow i feel to be swallowed by you know the engine jets well and it messes with the
gas mask seal right exactly that's important what oh sorry did we get your name we didn't um my real
thing is going to be a nightmare so just call me jc okay now that we know we're gonna call you jc
what you have that is a fallback now don't no don't deny us our fucking ego maniacal desire to
are you ready for this yeah sorry sorry i think i heard three people i stepped in
no no you were everyone's i'm always waiting for the you know you ever you ever see splash
daryl henna she says her name she's a mermaid and then all the tv's break okay anyways go
ahead what's your what's your real name don't say it all right no no say say your real name just
don't say are you ready for this jean charles jean charles as we were calling as we were calling
my mother fucking neighborhood jean charles okay jean charles no jean charles so great to meet you
thank you so much for coming up uh thank you for having me yeah but this is lassie enchilis man
we're very worldly i'm i'll probably order dinner from a place called jean charles tonight tell us
what you do and what made you come to Harmontown uh i'm into video games stuff i do art for
video games absolutely shit okay okay and i've um i came to do a a trip along the west coast so
this was my first stop i'm gonna fly to ceo then go back down to portland for the retro gaming
convention and then go to san francisco and then back to los angeles for two more almond towns
yeah wow wow so we will be seeing you again which is crazy in two weeks wow i'm so excited about
the retro gaming convention because i went to there was this thing in portland called xoxo uh i
think that's what it was yeah yeah they had like a ret kind of a it was just a little sliver on a
different on a a different thing that wasn't i the idea of of you kids like getting out all into this
like retro gaming is i love it so much because it's like it's function over form it encourages
all this like cool shit i'm genuinely into it i'm so excited to hear what you encounter there
well it's thanks everybody that's Harmontown yeah um with retro gaming i i think form like the
pixely form drives uh a lot of the what's the other one content yeah so it's um
um like when um green appeared in in in like the sort of vermouth green appeared in painting
it drew it draw drove drove drove your fucking verb i swear your question oh don't get me started
you're doing amazing also if you need to switch between english and french spencer can
uh oh yeah special translate yeah because i know what he's gonna say before he says it
we are hairy because he's just french sir right all right well i think i have more
in common with you actually because um what drove me to um listen to almond turn and then
pay for the subscription to uh watch you guys thank you thank you thank you thank you it's because
i i feel uh i share a lot of the the multiple shames that you uh exhibit the
no no hey this this man is a hero which one is a hero which one's for real which one would you
would you call my parfait of shames exquisite they're perfection i just want to hear it from
from a from a from a frenchman i have i have tasted your shame it is it is sublime
no yeah in a lot of ways you made me feel less alone
that that made you feel more alone
but because it was a bunch of lonely people doing that but yeah i know i hear that a lot
and in a good way i like i love hearing that that's my favorite that's my favorite thing
that we always come back around to when i'm getting cranky and going why are we doing
this and all this stuff so i'm glad to hear that uh it's it's public therapy in some way and um
i i loved uh a french comic that um like said this thing on scene like i'm his name
you probably never heard of it it's all right but uh in the 1980s uh he once went on stage in
his first one-man show uh show show this and you nailed it you nailed it you nailed it and uh
it was there like yeah i'm an exhibitionist and you're all warriors paying to see an exhibition
and that's little minded very little minded yeah so there was um a lot of you know this public
um psychotherapy and um this display of non narcissism trying to deal with it and and such
yeah those times are changing they keep telling me like apparently i think what happened over the
last five years is without actually making a conscious decision because when would you ever
fill out a change of address form we all moved over to the internet we started to consider it
real life and um and and and now that it is we've clearly entered an age where actually this you
know what you're describing which is the only thing that i ever thought i would be good for in
this world transparency like open like like kind of i'm never gonna do anything that remarkable
that's a dream why don't i just tell you everything i do what kind of thing um that's actually it's
it's become like sort of like walking out of your house with a noose around your neck and
i'm not feeling sorry for myself it's just like i'm what i'm lamenting is the end of that culture
actually being encouraged to 25 year olds i can't imagine being 25 right now and and having the
urges that i had when i was 25 to actually like i was like it was an ironic punk rock urge for me
at 25 to go i want everyone to know everything about me that was an ironic urge back then right
it was before it became fashionable yeah now now that's like hitting yourself in the face with a
hammer it's a cry for help it's and it's it's abusable and you asked for it if you engage in
that behavior because it's you know uh what are your feelings about this spangled jacket forgot
your name jimmy right starts with a j ends with a jimmy jimmy jimmy if you're gonna forget a name
forget the name jimmy first first first first name jimmy last name freedom oh holy shit yes who the
fuck you think you are jimmy freedom jimmy freedom and literally you would turn around and be like
i am goddamn jimmy freedom pretty dope what should what should what should take jimmy on the uh on
what i said this is an interview um oh you don't have to have one sorry i thought i interrupted
one uh spencer hey no but hey no you can't do that you can't you can't reprogram the show
with it was the lead i don't know i let's see where he's going it's all right fine all right
i'll give this five minutes but if my ratings start dipping i mean jimmy you probably have a
very active instagram yes okay so then you are totally qualified to answer this question um
um well what do you think the new honestly honestly y'all i i voted in the 2016 election
in california thank you and um helped legalize weed in california and uh and and we all thank
you for that right and so i've been back for three days so i'm high as fuck right oh shit
uh oh okay it's all right do you think there's gonna be like a new i forgot the question is
there gonna be like a new internet though like what jan was saying is that like it used to be
the internet was a secret place where you go to hide from like the world and complain about the world
but now the internet is the world so is there any place where it's like the internet was where we
retreat from there to where it's like now safe to complain about like i guess that's the real world
now right we retreat to the real world to complain about what's happening online well that's sad or
good it's definitely something right it's it's like when people talk to you about i'm on stage it's
cool let's keep i don't i don't know how no no you do it it's like it's like it's like when people
that you know on twitter talk to you in real life about things that they read about on twitter and
they'll like take you through the tweet verbally if you haven't seen it that's like that's strange
sort of doubling that's better than uh had people forcing you to watch youtube videos
just because it takes less time well yeah i think people are also going back to traditional
methods of communication i hate that like uh like letters or like you mean like letters and words
yeah like like snail mail i think he means postcards okay yeah it's hard to say like one
objective thing you can say is we're getting to a point where we're looking at the internet we're
going oh because we all live in this cloud where nothing is real and then but then the idea that
it's not real is alternatively weaponized and then but then idealized and i i get really alarmed
about the idea of sliding into convicted cynicism because the bad guys like that they love the idea
that if you get in a fight with a psycho five minutes into a fight with a psycho
all you really know is that you don't even know what the fuck is going on and it's like
their specialty it's like it's a win-win it's like it favors a person that just wants to
damage and it and it and it and it it it it it it disadvantages actual earnest communication
because like that that's the thing that i really really panic about is that point where we all go
well nothing's real nothing's real at all like yeah what did you see that on a screen well that
means is that means it either is or isn't real i would love to live in a world where it was like
did you see that on a screen that means it isn't real period but i don't think that we could
ever commit to that like we we will still we i mean we know that my favorite martian isn't real
but we he's our favorite martian um assuming we're all 70 um i just i just mean that like the
entire tv industry is based on the fact that when we see something on a screen we tend to love it
well we we we know that uh share isn't performing for us she's in a concert in scotland but we're
like wow what a great good job she did in my living room like we we we we we we we we we
were transfixed by the screen even though we know it's not real so the internet is now saying like
oh and we're going to put thoughts in your head that say mankind is evil mankind is good these
universal truths are now up for sale and i i've um i got too drunk late in the podcast
yeah it's at this point where i become my own guest um kind of a surprise guest so it's like
as usual the the trope with this podcast is the question it turns into a story and
with the narrative you figure out what the actual question was which is just a story in
it of itself yeah i don't know yeah i mean what what you said for sure
frenchy um hilarious
it was two letters john charles come on i say it in my sleep i'm a fucking cosmo
john charles um yes daddy uh would you let's bring up let's let's let's let's my question to you
is what can we bring up one more person let's bring up let's bring up nova if uh they're willing to
come up uh just because we haven't checked in it's time for nova it's time for nova
it's time for nova nova superstar who's that soaring through the sky
hey it's in your mama's eye i got the an to the o to the v
on over
so nova the question on everyone's lips is what are you doing with the backpack
oh man i took it with me the other day was it how what's it doing for you i don't know what to put
in it but uh i need i finally actually had a use for just like a small bag i put a little charger in
it in my wallet and stuff have you tried small things yeah i know yeah i didn't need to bring my
laptop so it was fine all right that's not interesting so the listeners may not know but
nova got a bag from the show weeks ago yeah it was like a month and oh that was okay now i just
remembered that yeah i wasn't just making rain i brought a tiny baby backpack i yeah it was your
door prize uh have you ever met a frenchman yes but it's great to meet another it's not that
nicely done huh it's not that great believe me we're not that special just the accent just listen to it
all day you're so much more than a frenchman jacy we all are that's very nice of you to say so
not frenchy look i i don't know what i'm doing uh jimmy uh yeah see how i'm juggling these balls
i'm like i got three guests up here i'm fucking like i'm a pro i got everybody in the air jimmy
what are your thoughts on retro video gaming um i mean all i had to add to that is uh one of my
friends started playing super mario like on his computer and then doing the twitch stream of it
but like it was hooked hooked up to his computer and in my experience it was always hooked up
up to that clunky console to my grandma's tv in the attic when uh the adults were getting drunk
downstairs you know and you should stream that huh yeah so all right john charles
are you a modern gamer do you game are you playing modern video games do you like fall out four
four all roads so you're romancing those npcs dan red did you see i i i'm not pointing at you
like hey uh you should score a point for me i i think he might be but well i i mean look i i i
want to i i went by my character i was proud of you a male ghoul i was like yeah he did it yeah
oh it's a ghoul and now you can't stop me now i'm fucking everybody across the wasteland yeah like i'm
just like taking people out like i'm like let's go shoot some things like keep checking in with
them how you feeling did you still not romance that one guy though now the president garvey i won't
i'm not i can't do it you have to commit man well because he's like you have to either come
into let them go you are you saying this from a coding perspective or from a or from a human nature
perspective you that i have to let prestan into my heart now from a you have to either love them
or let them go back into the pixel pool well they're gonna love other ayes yeah yeah love them or
let them go because the elephant in the wasteland with prestan garvey is that there is a button that
i clearly have not pushed because it's lit and up and it says let's keep this professional
and i keep not pressing that as much as i keep not pressing romance i keep pressing the fucking
string them along button because no well didn't you say it was uh didn't you say it was like
uncomfortable because he was always like hey i was thinking about committing suicide and then
it's like flirt you know it seems wrong it seems wrong to enable that it does like i i don't i feel
like but i don't really actually think that the end of the game would be uh fresh water restored
to the commonwealth and then i'm like walking with my dog and uh and then there's a pause and then
you hear a distant gunshot that would be good that'd be really good and then and then the games
has every choice matters you kept enabling him he told you he wanted to kill himself and instead
of talking to other people you told him good job he said he didn't want to anymore though
what time he said he didn't want to anymore right but he always says that
you know he keeps saying that but he also keeps bringing it up so i need i need i need everybody
who ever has that thought entering their head to tell anybody that they possibly feel comfortable
telling it to him being absolutely unashamed of it i do not want my relationships to start
that way i think that's dangerous it's unhealthy not dangerous maybe dangerous is too punitive
it's unhealthy it's not the right time to look up if you're if you're like yeah i just finished
battling the cosmos like i'm not even sure if i should be breathing or not and no but anyways
what's your birthstone like like no you're not ready to but maybe if you say flirt then maybe he'll
be like well i've just been having these dark thoughts so let's take it slow and then you'll
be like okay cool you know who knows but the relationship would forever no matter what his
behavior would would be the relationship would be forever tainted by this idea that the coupling
point was was that which me which would imply to me logically that if we ever broke it off
that he would be returning to the state that i met him in which was suicidal you're right that
isn't healthy i before i met you i was thinking of committing suicide i was like well get over that
yeah um and and love every love yourself and and all this stuff and then let's let's both
fuck around and make huge mistakes like like because neither of us are perfect and the goal
of relationships isn't perfection however definitely if someone's like a coupling point is like the
reason we should fuck right now is because i was about to kill myself that that i think those
tines need to have little scotch tape best buy things put on them works for me
can't tell you how much jimmy you look at jimmy i saw a look in your eye like you you're you're
like i can talk about this yeah well it was just like you're talking about listen if you're you're
saying no you're i'm dr j you just took away my chief move sorry go ahead i'm gonna let you finish
no no no i was i i did finish i was not letting you finish was my thing that was my thing um well
the way if you say that every relationship it's not about perfection but then you're also talking
about uh like the perfect it like the relationship's path is predetermined so you're like you're
saying well i'm not going to go into it if it's not perfect you know oh no no no i didn't mean to
apply that i i it's hard it's hard to talk about there's no shared like vocabulary with it what
i was saying is in the kind of like uh these sort of like all i can picture it is uh like sort of
space modular like space station blocks and like they have like coupling points on them right like
so this thing's got a tab and this thing's got a slot or this thing's got a thing and it's like
like the way that we meet each other and the the things that we say over coffee and the
things that we say over the moments leading up to us actually maybe physically consummating a
relationship um and then the all of these things like that the flux that is welding us together
all i'm saying is um if if as in the end of speed did you ever see speed with keanu reeves and uh
uh sandra bullock they they make sure everyone knows throughout that movie this relationship
is not going to work why because it's based on speed yeah it's they care that's a nice refreshing
thing about that action movie they at least they say if there's a speed two one of us isn't coming
back and they both know it during speed because they're like did you know that i think because
of the way they say it is like really uh relationships built during trauma are not going to last what
is this oh no i'm on i'm on the stage just smartwatch dan fucking pick up me
okay i'll try later like let's say you and i go into a liquor store together um and we go let's
uh let's get a lottery ticket and there we go oh shit i only have 50 cents uh what do you have
i only have 50 cents lottery tickets one dollar so we say let's split a lottery ticket um we're
gonna and then we we make the obvious choice whatever we win we'll split it right so we we barely
know each other or we know each other five years i don't know but well i should know because i'm
narrating this parable we've known each other six months we've known each other six months
you're you're you're a botany intern um and uh i'm working on a new kind of dandelion yeah i love
i love plants and all kinds of plants we both needed cigarettes we both smoke and we went out so
so now we've ended up going half season a lottery ticket right and we both put two quarters on the
countertop the guy takes him it gives us a scratch off we scratch it off holy shit five million
dollars jackpot we scratched it off so now you and i say oh my god holy shit we just won the
lottery together um here's the things that are reasonable to say we're both going to get half
of a lottery jackpot um this is a great day um we're doing awesome here's some things that are
awful to say in that moment let's get married you're my best friend like like like like as
harmless as that may seem if it's based on that moment it's you're building it on this thing
that's not real that that's what i was saying about the suicidality kind of thing or it's like
jesus christ i jimmy i mean god bless you too high for this right now no i'm following okay i'm
checking i'm good damn do you know each other no oh no just over the you have that much empathy
yeah yeah you high oh yeah oh yeah you said that earlier me too me too oh oh no
we should probably yeah we should probably stop doing the show what no we got we got a little time
oh jeff davis would kill me we have so many questions look at this for united nations we have
before us okay we got a lot of things we could do also we could make frenchie wrap in french we got
a lot of things we could do yeah we got a lot of things we could do okay okay that's good okay uh
john charl here's what we're gonna we're gonna do this before we do nothing else tonight i'm gonna
do a freestyle rap and then you're gonna um you're gonna do the um translation but no no well well
well i mean i just like if he just actually just spoke french for the uh bridge you know or
whatever you call it like i just throw it down and he just kind of you could just say french stuff
we can say serge gamesburg for the hook and he'll know how to do that shit serge gamesburg is the
shit serge gamesburg yeah oh shit he's like he's like the french oh no diamond slash slash one
half of holland oats have you picked your half have you seen the series madmen no this is okay
to those who know madmen there's they make an ad for the coffee martinson and the jingle for this
ad in the series is actually the melody of serge gamesburg cowboy cooler cafe cooler cafe
cafe all right well you can do that for sure also not to trivialize your entire country but
you could also just speak anything you could just say it's all the same dust man you could just you
could just recite the ingredients to a meringue um but and over because i think what as a as a
solipsistic american i just think it'd be neat to hear some french talk uh in the in the gaps
between me fucking dropping mad science mad science angry ass chemistry for that ass double up on
that ass double double double ash mondays double double double double you've got two
double double double double ass mondays yeah uh yeah uh oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
Dirty. Oh, yeah. Oh, my name is truck Travis
Truck Travis, how you doing Travis?
Sorry, what? How you doing Travis good good?
My name is truck Travis
Chuck, what are you doing out here? Oh?
Yeah
Trying to drive my load to the next gas station, and then we go over to the French but oh
I wasn't prepared. Oh
Okay, well, okay, I'll call I'll call for hook when I call for a hook. I want you to see the hook
Jimmy what the fuck?
Jimmy you to Jimmy you too high. No right now. This is crazy
You don't charge, but what were you I mean there's confidence, and then there's just sociopaths like
You would you you were just like you're just like hey, what do you I'm like my name's LL cool. Jay
You're like hey cool. Jay. What are you doing? Like what is that get over here come over here come over here?
And I'm like, what am I doing? And you're like go over there, and then you're like take it
I've been listening to too many Schrab
All right, let's go
I liked it, but I was expecting I thought I thought that I liked it too. I thought you were
It was I didn't know you were riffing. Oh
Let's rip it more riffing. All right
Give it to him. Yo. Oh
Yo shit rap machine yo, but tits my name is MC David Johansson
Dancing under pants in
Stance hook in
Oh, yeah, that was like a sample from like it was like a movie thing
Oh, we found yeah, yeah snakes snakes on the bayou
pythons up in the branches rowing down the river
Take your chances Creighton's clear water
Revival on the river in Louisiana about survival. Yeah, there's a flood in my midst. I fucked your mama so hard
I changed her armpits. Yo
It used to be under now. They're over
Her armpits are shoulder pads. Yo, I know you understand everything is inside out where I go
Yo, I fucked your mama like a Lego
Oh oh yeah, I got to stay
Chairman basement or the lake of Farin
No such as you go there. Who you pull oh gobble a double the electric okay. Okay. That is a match it'd you?
The straight from my venus bitch and Die Dawson
I'm so sorry you had to hear that we didn't we had no idea he would say any of that stuff I
Think
The stance of Harmontown
Yeah, yeah, yeah second verse. Yeah second verse. Yeah, yeah rivers rising
Yo optimist prime surprising. Yeah, just if the cons hiding yo
Joe Biden
Denglin Chad yo
Pit Brad
Clooney George yo
Gorge
just women of
wrestling
Grand Canyon I fucked your mama so hard. She's still landing
Her pussy's up in the sky. I fucked her up, and then I said why she said because
Hook
You don't want to know what the classic variety de grosse it interdicts a la culture in the U.S.
Just simply because it's a plant vehicle
the best
The nature is a do you know
Happy day
Yeah, okay, that's a that's a complete wrap. That's good. Thank you Jean-Charles. Oh, yeah, thank you
You know JC looks like my high school theater teacher
It's uncanny. I wouldn't be surprised not Spencer though him specifically with the short the shortness of the beard in the hair length
He looks like me. Sorry. I just you guys keep talking. Don't let me telling you to keep
Well, I change her house. What's the deal with the travel? So are you staying with friends? How are you getting around?
Do you have an RV? What's going on? I'm using
Public transportation or my own two feet like
so the before yesterday I
had a tour of the odd deco building in
Danton LA and then took a stride through Echo Park and that was ten miles Wow
Not bad. Now the LA you can get from where we are right now to the beach
Are you gonna head out to Santa Monica at all? I did. Oh, well, don't be coy. Help me and yeah
Yeah, so again with my architectural musings
I went from Santa Monica to Venice and then it was more to observe the
Like the location of
Californication and flaked. Oh, wow. Yeah, sure
Yeah, and yeah, I visited the Venice canals and pretty dope. Yeah, they are
I have a lot of
Like craftsman buildings. Oh, there's tons of craftsmen in the park and Silver Lake and let's feel this exactly and
To my shame, I think this interest stems from the sitcom full house
Of course of course food house. Yeah
For the folks at home for the folks at home, what's kung fu house? I
Mean we all know
Well kung fu house is about this, you know, Washington State sensei perfected
his own brand of
music kung fu and
Finds himself with his two son and his daughter without
Someone to care for for his dojo
so
And thus
He finds a new wife, but
she also has two daughters and a son and
this
How do you know Mary both?
Very different because what I didn't tell you of course, I forgot. Is the brain much kung fu house?
No, okay. I'm just double-checking. It's full house, and I was just riffing off the oh
Oh, yeah
Well, fuck this
It's full it's full house. He was saying full house, and I heard kung fu. I did too. And so he was
I knew he was I knew he was making up kung fu house
But what I didn't realize is that he was in order to make a make-up kung fu house
He was stripping down the chassis of full house and
adding kung fu
Fenders, I am not a very good
my
years as a
Game master didn't very much improve
My faculties to improve improvise on the start. I feel the same way
It's true
All right. Well boy, what have we learned tonight?
Boy, what a night. Oh, no, you don't we got so much more. Let's bring the Australian to the stage. Oh shit. What?
Where are they gonna sit and what's their product a ladder over here? Oh
Shit, let's give them a hand
And
How's it going
John Charles Charles don't sweat it man
Jordan Jordan the Australian here you go Jordan. Oh shit. Thanks. Just a sec. Dan. Do you like that hat?
That feels so loaded
I
Yeah, tell me tell me your feelings on that hat. I have no quarrel with it
Then Dan, what's your type on his beat?
What's going on you guys? Is there a soccer game? I don't know about happening
Am I gonna find out like
Your countries are at war. Wait, so you wouldn't you wouldn't say you like that hat
I
It's a reference to our Australian tour. Oh god like that hat me
Give it a good belt. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Here we go. Okay. Sorry. Look
Huh. Mm. Take two. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, oh, oh, oh oh, like
Oh, hey like all like oh, hey
I'm swapping out the phonemes higher
that their eye is an oy, and their eh is an eh.
That's spelling.
And so on.
So resulting in the following phrase
that I used to warm up for a show in Australia.
Oy, oyloik, the hit, mate.
Yeah!
Oh, shit.
Trudely, man, trudely.
Oy, oyloik, the hit, mate.
It's genuinely a true Australian accent.
The only problem is, no Australian talks like that.
Because they're very gregarious, laid-back people.
Oh, I want that hat, mate.
It's perfect.
It's the same sound.
The truth is, I'm nailing the accent.
Yeah, I agree.
Any accent specialist would tell you he's nailing the accent.
The problem is, no one talks like that.
Because no one's ever going through the physical conditions
necessary to make you talk like that.
However, I am nailing the accent.
I appreciate that.
Oy, oyloik, oyloik.
I'm going to try it with a different phrase.
Oy, oyloik, oyloik, oyloik, uh, uh, uh, ba-gah.
I'm so sorry.
I, we have people over all the time.
He's normally super polite to them.
I know he's been doing this for an hour and a half.
And I'm so sorry.
Let's first find out.
Oy, oyloik, oyloik, a ba-gah and a phrase.
All right, god damn it.
First, we're going to find out who he is.
And a shake.
So that when he punches you in the face.
A land shake.
Oy, oyloik, a ba-gah and a phrase with a land shake.
Oh, shit.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, the booth.
So let's get, uh, tell us who you are.
And what brings you to Harmontowns?
My name's Jordan.
And, um, I'm here because I've been listening to the podcast
for a few years.
It's crazy that I'm sitting on the stage.
Thanks, guys.
Eat the mic like this.
See, like me.
The mic.
Got to put that mic right there.
There you go.
Right in front of my eyes.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, come see after a long time listening, sir.
Are you, like, every Australian I've ever met,
and I say this in the most complimentary sense, are you?
And I'm not going to use the phrase, walk about.
J.C. Beck's question is the same thing.
Are you Beck Peckin across the country?
No, I'm actually, um, using airplanes.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, damn.
I figured him out.
It was just so, so weird.
Airplanes.
Can I, uh, what?
Can I say one thing?
Are you, are you, yeah, what are you,
all right, we'll go ahead and see.
The first most shocking thing I've noticed,
difference between Australia and America,
is the volume of water in your fucking toilet bowls.
Oh, yeah.
How much water do you need?
The splashback, man.
I need all of that.
I'm busy later.
I got stuff going on.
Come on, how many toilet, how many American toilets
have you met?
Four or five.
Yeah, and they go the wrong way around, too, when you're watching.
Oh, yeah.
Do more of that.
We like that.
No, I, when we went to Australia,
I was like, how do they, how do these toilets,
they don't got any water?
How do they do that?
Like the toilets, they're more vertical,
so I think they get more speed dropping down,
to blast them back through the pipe.
I don't know how they got as physics.
It's crazy.
I think you're right.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, it's because our, our toilets
have gravity working on their sides.
Of course.
Your toilets are working against gravity,
because they're on the bottom of the earth.
We have to run away from whatever we deliver.
So the turd is like having to be pulled up.
Like the core of the earth is sucking the turd up
through a straw, like one of those Japanese drinks.
But what's it called, a bobee, bobo?
Boba.
The chocolate balls.
Bo, what?
Boba.
Yeah.
Yeah, boba tea.
Yeah, boba, like a boba.
That's why I'm very glad to be here.
It makes a lot of mess, so yeah, glad to be here.
What do you do in Australia?
I work in a hospital.
Just working on computer stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
Can you get us things?
I can get you Tylenol and a Band-Aid.
Shit.
That's my clearance.
That's what I can get.
What are you doing here?
I made a mind, just moved to New York, so coming to visit him.
Oh.
You're going to be mad when you find out this is LA.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Their maps are so different.
There was a sign that said, it's like 30 miles.
Everything's like pinched, because Australia
is this big on their maps.
I saw a sign that said Broadway, so that's it, right?
You just take sunset to Broadway, yeah, yeah.
Practice, yeah, how long?
So your friend is moving to New York,
is your friend Australian?
Yeah, yeah, he's actually in the audience at the back, Harrison.
Yeah, he's in the middle.
Shout out to Harris, ha, ha, Harrison.
Can I teach you a short one?
What's that?
A short one?
Nice, it should be much easier to pronounce it.
Oh, yeah, give me one.
Fuck Oath.
Fuck.
Fuck Earth?
Fuck Oath.
You know, like a blood oath?
Fuck Earth.
Fuck Oath.
Oath.
Fuck Earth.
Fuck Oath.
But what am I actually saying?
Yes.
Oh, fuck Oath.
Fuck Oath, mate.
Like, like Oath, are you actually saying fuck Oath?
No, it's, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't maybe break it down.
Because you know how much traditional Australian society
respects oath?
Fuck Oath.
The British had an oath, got us all sent here.
Exactly.
Look at all our hats, mate.
Fuck Oath.
Fuck Earth.
We like those hats.
It's just because I learned, I tried to learn the,
the Australian accent is the hardest in the world.
Do you like it?
To everyone but Australians.
Narrow.
You can't just fake it.
It's not, I mean, you could, look,
I'll do my, I'll do a flawless British accent.
Give me a, give me a burrow.
Half of you.
I heard Leeds.
Oh.
Oh, what's Holy State?
See, it's like.
Perfect.
Give me, give me another burrow of, I heard South Hampton.
Oh, what shall we gain?
Like it's easy, it's common, it's the connection
between English English and American English.
It's like, oh, you just, you just, all you do is,
you just, you just, you just purse your mouth a little bit.
You just, you just keep things down in front.
Australians hard, but I've mastered it.
At the, at the expense of having to think very hard
about every syllable that I say,
which is not how anyone talks.
I don't know if I've made that clear.
To prove my point, here is a flawlessly executed scene
called A Day at the Hat Store, where I will play,
well actually, Jordan, you will play the British
Hat Store owner, and I will play an Australian,
what neighborhood are you from in Australia?
I'm from Brisbane.
That's where I, my character's going to be from.
Brisbane.
Notice I didn't say Brisbane, you know why?
Because oh, I'm from Brisbane.
Can we have a little French love in there?
Oh shit.
Yes, Jean-Charles will come in.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Yeah, you're all right, mate.
Welcome to my store, mate.
Where are you from?
Are you, are you British?
Yeah, but we colonised Australia, so it's very similar.
All right.
Oh, oh, oh, we like a hat.
Mate.
Any, what types of hats specifically are you talking about?
Oh.
What type of hat?
Yeah, is that, is that difficult?
Is the question, and my answer is type one.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, thank you, thank you.
You're right.
And the Frenchman can tell us what type of hat type one is.
Of course, it's a...
What, what hat?
Sorry, sorry.
Sorry, what hat?
You're spelling in the hat, the Frenchman will walk in soon,
but not quite yet.
Oh.
Show him the felt hat.
Thank you.
It's a felt hat.
Oh, love, feel, hit.
Mate, mate, mate, mate.
Our Frenchman comes in to rob the hat store.
Oh.
Sorry.
Give me your felt hat.
Sometimes people feel money, but this guy's coming for the felt hat.
Is that past tense?
Just give him the hat.
He refuses to leave until he drives it on.
Absolutely.
I have a wedding coming in now.
I can't find an angle.
Oi.
I have a particular set of skills.
My...
Oh, my God.
So, leave the hat,
leave the hat,
or face the wrath of me
with my particular set of skills.
We'll have a two.
Sorry, what?
Wait, wait, wait.
Come get a summer.
I slept to watch Italian there.
It's in.
Be careful.
Left.
Right.
Kick.
Oh.
I kick.
Oi.
Block.
Oh, aye.
I am defeated.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Oi, saved.
Yes.
Fuck off, you did.
Fuck off.
And then they say, they're clapping because they're like,
stop, do something else now.
Change the subject.
That was that segment.
Alright, wow, what a show, you know?
It's just...
We still got a little...
Who said the show has to end?
It's Monday night.
No one said the show ever has to go until 10.
I did.
I did say that.
No, you're right.
Let's leave.
There's so much more business for us to take care of.
Alright, give me a beat.
You know...
Oh shit.
Yo.
Yep.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, yeah, yeah, here we go, yeah, all right, here we go, yeah.
One, two, three, four.
Wrapping walls, door, ceiling, foundation, soil,
snake, coil, rattlesnake, strike, fangs, yikes, venom in the veins.
The poison runs through me and now it's going to rain,
supreme and down on all of those I love.
You thought that I was a lion, but now I am a dove.
I take flight on the wings of people,
I take flight on the wings of peace,
I fucked your mama so hard, she gave me a Reese's peace.
For my trouble, hit a bubble.
Australians all let us rejoice, for we are young and free.
The rest of that has escaped my mind.
It's our national anthem, skin-liddy.
I like that hat, yo, I like that hat, mate.
Yo, I like that hat, mate.
Yo, yo, me and my mate were buying hats.
And I said to my mate, yo, what's that?
He said, yo, I love you.
I said, I also love you.
I also love you.
The two of us didn't get too far.
It was hard for us to talk.
Thank you, mate.
Poor boy, mate.
Band-aids?
Yo, building seven.
Where's building seven?
Sorry.
Too soon, too soon.
Back to the Future has...
Okay.
All right.
No, stop it.
I mean, obviously stop it before you start a new song.
That's got to be whatever your job title is, 101.
Don't make that sound.
You're feeling what I'm feeling.
You're looking for an out.
You're looking for an ending.
You want drama.
You want intrigue.
It's an improvised show.
It's not going to have a sloppy ending.
Yes, it is.
Quickfire questions?
Yes, Nova.
I don't have any.
I was just saying we should do quickfire questions.
All right.
Questions for Nova?
Oh, Nova.
Do you have any quickfire questions?
No.
Okay.
Quickfire questions.
Who's got them?
Dan.
Yes, Spencer.
How do you feel about that hat?
I like it.
Next.
Water land.
Water or land?
Land for the wind.
Tough but fair.
I mean, as far as preference, not a prediction of what will
overcome.
Give us a little bit of what, two things.
I want to know what new fucking thing you learned because the
last time you were here, you had been all up in the hominids
book and I'm sure you have moved on to something else we
could hear about.
The last thing, what are you doing before you leave this week?
What's the thing you're going to do this week that's the thing
that's been stopping you?
No, I'm just playing fallout in bed.
I can't talk about anything that's going on in my real life.
That's important.
That's part of what I'm hiding from is the fact that I've
entered a phase of my career in my life where I'm not actually
allowed to talk about the very most important things, the most
entertaining things that I could ever talk about, the things that
would be the most interesting for everybody here.
I actually can't think of anything like that.
I'm the most interesting for everybody here.
I actually can't talk about them.
Can you tell if they're fun?
I'm made a liar by a dishonest society.
That's what happens.
You become worth money.
People come to you and they say, become a liar.
Here I come.
Oh, welcome.
Welcome into my home.
It's the fucking worst.
I'm somehow going to survive.
Yeah.
I'm sure that there's something outside of work that is on the
back of your head.
Yeah.
That's a phrase.
On the back of your head.
But I can't talk.
I can't.
No, no, no.
Apart from work.
I can't talk about anything.
Let's not talk about work.
Let's talk about, you know, there's got to be a house project.
There's got to be a thing, a book to read.
Just fall out.
I'm just playing.
There's Harmon Quest.
We tape in November.
Harmon Quest.
And if you go to Harmonquest.com.
Yes.
If you go to Harmonquest.com, you can find where you can get
tickets.
We're taping like mid-November or some shit.
It's going to be in Burbank.
So yeah, we'd love it to get some people in the audience that
enjoy it.
Yeah.
Sorry to cut you off, Dan.
But I, it's the only thing I remembered.
It was a beautiful thing.
No, you didn't cut me off.
Now how do you have a live audience if it is animated?
Oh.
Well.
Yeah.
It's very.
Oh, no.
Woo.
The fall.
Oh, no.
Oh, Reverend.
How do you have a live audience?
Oh, Reverend Carvasier.
Oh.
I can see one of the deacons has been sneaking a sip of my
Carvasier.
I told you, Dan, if you come to this church, you will need to
bring it on.
Oh, Reverend.
Man, a drunk priest on like a cable, like a basic cable or
free public access Christianity show, that could be something
and I'm pitching it next week.
You and me, Brandon, we're going to Netflix.
Awesome.
They have so much money.
Yeah, man.
So no back end.
You'll be participating in no back end.
Oh, I get back end, but let's not talk about that.
No.
I got.
Yeah.
Thank you so much to Nova for stopping by.
Yes.
That is your cue to exit.
We'd love to have you.
I'm not picking on you first.
I'm going to say this to everyone who is on stage as we wind
down here at Harmontown.
One more time for Nova.
Thank you so much, Nova.
What a shooting star.
No.
Jimmy, you will be the next contestant up to leave the stage.
Thank you so much.
So like for everything.
You look fabulous.
You look like a million fucking dollars.
Ladies and gentlemen, please say a huge thank you to Jean Charles
tonight.
Ladies and gentlemen,
he wrapped in French.
He wrapped in French folks.
You come to Harmontown.
He'll pick it up.
What do you say?
He's picking it.
He's picking it up.
No, man.
Don't go behind us, man.
He's upstage in our asses.
He left a book.
He was so polite.
So European about it.
He was like, I left a book.
I'm going to go around and pick it up.
And now he pulls out the gun.
So excellent.
I'm sorry that the entire European Union is also sliding
fascist.
But see in hell, I mean, right?
That phrase is taken on a new hopeful tone.
You too.
Don't you have like kind of a, you know,
Hitler down there?
Pauline Hansen.
Oh, God bless all of us.
There's just every continent across the planet.
Boy, when have we ever seen that happen?
Right before what?
And on that note,
this has been Harmontown.
We love you so much.
Spencer Crittenden and Dan Harmon,
our friend, the Australian,
God knows, Zac McKeever,
Kris Boruff, Sarah Hill, Nolan Fabricius.
I've been Brandon Johnson.
We miss you, Jeff Davis.
Good night.
Thank you.
The lovely Dynasty Theater.
Church, we love you.
Good night.